Get this bastard out of here.
Beating death no matter.
Ah.
I'm scared.
Something is powerless.
If you're not afraid you have pressure.
Why do I have to pretend to be normal to be with you?
The road in my eyes is just a bunch of ants
Li Shen, don't fart for me here.
You dare to defame the first generation family of Suzhou City, the first family of Tangjiashu City.
It's funny that the Sus have kissed the Tang family's ass for so many years.
Even your daughter sells it to you.
So I ask you, did the Tang dynasty ever give you the land that you like the most?
What tells you?
This land has been occupied by Zhen Giang Long.
Even if the Tang family had two livers, they would not dare to pay.
But I can.
I don't just want to give this land to you as a wedding present.
We have to pack the sand.
The perfect birthday party for Kizuki on the top floor
Do you have shit in your head?
The Zhenjiang Dragon Boat is also the underground owner of the entire Nanjing.
A vacation without a name.
I also want to pluck out the old man's beard, do you know where Death Qiyun Dinh is?
Do you want to cover the entire top floor?
Remember that your piece of trash also has slightly longer eyes.
Dare to touch Zhen Giang Long
Thinking I've lived too long
Open your eyes.
This is a red-copper nectar document developed by the land of the fairies.
It's in the hands of Zhu.
How did you get it?
These little things don't even need to be done by ourselves.
You have this, Jackie Chan.
I want to replace the Tang family as the first family.
Easy.
Open an airdrop check who won't
You pack up the entire top floor of Tu Cat Van Dinh first and talk later.
Rest assured that one day I will definitely let you become the brightest jewel in the city of To.
Girl, do you believe this guy?
I don't believe it.
If he can't do that, he'll have his nose in front of me.
Read more about Dragon King.
The first thing.
Pack the top floor of the Golden Gate for me, I want to organize a birthday party for my woman.
Second thing, be sure to get the land on the west side of the city for me.
I want to show you my true strength.
Wait for the order, but if you hinder the Dragon King, I will kill you.